to set up your social profile login to
your car list or account click on
actions and go to my profile you'll be
asked to enter a display name this will
be visible to other users your user
handle has to be unique and will appear
in the URL for your profile page make
sure to double check spelling because
you won't be able to change a user
handle in the future select create
profile and you now have a social
profile on Carla stork oh let's
personalize it click the camera icon to
take or upload a profile picture you can
zoom in and drag the image to adjust the
layout then select a cover image for
your profile both of these images can be
switched out at any time tell others a
bit about yourself in the About section
and enter your address below in the Adam
app section if you're not comfortable
displaying your exact address you can
simply enter a zip code and the map will
show a general location area on the for
sale page of your profile you'll find
your active listings of the cars you
have for sale on the car Lister if you
need to make any changes to your listing
click on my garage and from here you can
quickly update the price or make other
edits when you go back to your profile
and look at your for sale page you'll
see the edits have been applied real
time let's connect with other users and
start being social to see everyone who
has a social profile on car Lister
simply click the search icon leave the
search bar blank for now and click the
search icon next to it you can hit
connect next to someone's profile image
or if you are searching for a specific
person or group type it in the search
bar visit their profile page and connect
once you are connected you'll be able to
comment like and share their posts and
also visit their for sale page this is
where you'll find all the cars for sale
listed by the users connected to this
group your car for sale will
automatically be added here as well to
create your own group click the Home
icon to return to your profile and click
on the arrow next to your name in the
top navigation to select create group
from the drop-down you'll need to type
in a group name and a unique group
handle much like when you created your
profile display and handle names go
ahead and fill out your group profile
the same way you did with your user
profile click on manage profiles if
you'd like to assign someone to be your
group moderate
admin or owner let's click the arrow
next to your group name to switch back
to view your User Profile go to your
feed to see all of your connections most
recent updates if there is a car listing
that interests you click to see more
details about it you can instantly
communicate with the seller directly via
call video chat email or sending a
private message enjoy the social way to
shop cars online